Q.1 :What are different methods of console function?	
Ans:	assert()	Writes an error message to the console if the assertion is false
	clear() 	Clears the console
	count()	        Logs the number of times that this particular call to count() has been called
	error()		Outputs an error message to the console
	group()		Creates a new inline group in the console. This indents following console messages by an additional level, until console.groupEnd() is called
groupCollapsed()	Creates a new inline group in the console. However, the new group is created collapsed. The user will need to use the disclosure button to expand it
	groupEnd()	Exits the current inline group in the console
	info()		Outputs an informational message to the console
	log()		Outputs a message to the console
	table()		Displays tabular data as a table
	time()		Starts a timer (can track how long an operation takes)
	timeEnd()	Stops a timer that was previously started by console.time()
	trace()		Outputs a stack trace to the console
	warn()		Outputs a warning message to the console

Q.2:Difference between var,let and const?
Ans:
    var variables can be updated and re-declared within its scope.
    let variables can be updated but not re-declared. 
    const variables can neither be updated nor re-declared.
    var variable is function scoped.
    let and const are block scope.
    
    1.  var name="hii";
         name="hello";
      op:hello
     
    2. let name="hii";
       function first(){
         let name="hello";
         console.log(name);
           }
      first();
     console.log(name);
      op: hello
          hii
    
    3.const name="hii";
       name="hello";
     console.log(name);
      op: can't assign value to name variable again because it is constant.

Q.3:Brief intro on available data types.
Ans:There are six basic data types in JavaScript which can be divided into three main categories: primitive (or primary), composite (or reference), and special data types. 
String, Number, and Boolean are primitive data types. Object, Array, and Function (which are all types of objects) are composite data types.
    
